put the A vs B test on hold because I need you to run this when I plan on being away.  I will tell you later to run

  that. Now that you are the PM and you have shown me that you can do a great job of this I want you to take a more

  active roll. This project is feeding an active group of day traders that use the strategies we provide and templates

  to trade on live money accounts and prop firm accounts. Each account has different risks based on where they are at

  with the trailing drawdown and if they are using a chalange prop or funded prop account. Since the system that the

  users are familar with is this MA cross bot I have been polishing it and refining the outputs for the end user. What

  we are currently working on is for a pool of possible candidates for the end user to run during the week. We have a

  weekly meeting and emails go out that tell the clients the plan for execution for the week.  We have another AI

  prediction agent that has been going through a learning loop that gets fed chart data and strategy templates and it

  picks a lineup each day based on that. This AI loop we may need to consider looking at or possibley changing. My

  goal is for you to become an active part of this group to grow the capabilities and advance the strategies so the

  group has the best chance of being successful traders. I need for you to help create ideas and plans we can use to

  move forward.  You already have access to other AIs for help such as Codex and Gemini and local llms, And we could

  pull on Grok if that would help. The end goal is to have a fully functioning business. With a full sales team, marketing,
  and any other support needed to run this business.
  Right now the team is small and the client list is short to test the system and grown it and prove it as a professional automated trading system.
  One direction I would like to investigate if a NT plugin for account management.
  NT provides a sample plugin that has all the hooks they provide, and we already have experience with NTs internals with optimization.
  However, if we can see the accounts and the user can add in the Trailing drawdown.
  We can track the trail and provide a plan each day for the automations to run.
  Some people have 20 Prop accounts some more or less with challenge ones that they need to trade different from the funded ones.
  I need you help moving this forward and seeing what we can do to make this happen.